The pam-krb5 package as a whole is:

  Copyright 2009, 2010, 2011
      The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University
  Copyright 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010
      Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>
  Copyright (c) 2005 Andres Salomon <dilinger@debian.org>
  Copyright (c) Frank Cusack, 1999-2000.
  fcusack@fcusack.com
  All rights reserved

and covered under the following license:

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
  met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, and the entire permission notice in its entirety, including
     the disclaimer of warranties.

  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

  3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products
     derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

  ALTERNATIVELY, this product may be distributed under the terms of the
  GNU General Public License, in which case the provisions of the GPL are
  required INSTEAD OF the above restrictions.  (This clause is necessary
  due to a potential bad interaction between the GPL and the restrictions
  contained in a BSD-style copyright.)

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN
  NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
  NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
  USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
  ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
  THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

You can obtain a copy of the GNU General Public License on the World Wide
Web at <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Collected copyright notices for the entire package:

  Copyright 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011
      Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>
  Copyright 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011
      The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University
  Copyright 2007, 2008 Markus Moeller
  Copyright 1985-2005 Massachusetts Institute of Technology
  Copyright 2005 Andres Salomon <dilinger@debian.org>
  Copyright 1999, 2000 Frank Cusack <fcusack@fcusack.com>
  Copyright 1997 The Regents of the University of Michigan
  Copyright 1996 Derrick J. Brashear
  Copyright 1995 Patrick Powell
  Copyright 1996, 1997 Brandon Long <blong@fiction.net>
  Copyright 1998 Thomas Roessler <roessler@guug.de>
  Copyright 1998 Michael Elkins <me@cs.hmc.edu>
  Copyright 1998 Andrew Tridgell <tridge@samba.org>
  Copyright 2000, 2005 Hrvoje Niksic <hniksic@xemacs.org>
  Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
      2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011
      Free Software Foundation, Inc.
  Copyright 1994 X Consortium

The original version of this module was based on an earlier Kerberos PAM
module by Naomaru Itoi:

  PAM-kerberos5 module Copyright notice.
  Naomaru Itoi <itoi@eecs.umich.edu>, June 24, 1997.

  COPYRIGHT (c) 1997
  THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

  PERMISSION IS GRANTED TO USE, COPY, CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS AND
  REDISTRIBUTE THIS SOFTWARE AND SUCH DERIVATIVE WORKS FOR ANY PURPOSE,
  SO LONG AS THE NAME OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN IS NOT USED IN ANY
  ADVERTISING OR PUBLICITY PERTAINING TO THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS
  SOFTWARE WITHOUT SPECIFIC, WRITTEN PRIOR AUTHORIZATION.  IF THE ABOVE
  COPYRIGHT NOTICE OR ANY OTHER IDENTIFICATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF
  MICHIGAN IS INCLUDED IN ANY COPY OF ANY PORTION OF THIS SOFTWARE, THEN
  THE DISCLAIMER BELOW MUST ALSO BE INCLUDED.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATION FROM THE
  UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN AS TO ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, AND WITHOUT
  WARRANTY BY THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABITILY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE REGENTS OF
  THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES,
  INCLUDING SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
  WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE
  OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN OR IS HEREAFTER ADVISED OF THE
  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

  PAM-kerberos5 module is written based on PAM-kerberos4 module by
  Derrick J. Brashear and kerberos5-1.0pl1 by M.I.T. kerberos team.
  Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute this software is hereby
  granted, as long as it is granted by Derrick J. Brashear and
  M.I.T. kerberos team.

This module was in turn based on a Kerberos v4 PAM module by Derrick J.
Brashear:

  Copyright (c) Derrick J. Brashear, 1996. All rights reserved

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
  met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, and the entire permission notice in its entirety, including
     the disclaimer of warranties.

  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

  3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products
     derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

  ALTERNATIVELY, this product may be distributed under the terms of the
  GNU General Public License, in which case the provisions of the GPL are
  required INSTEAD OF the above restrictions.  (This clause is necessary
  due to a potential bad interaction between the GPL and the restrictions
  contained in a BSD-style copyright.)

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN
  NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
  NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
  USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
  ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
  THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

compat-aix.c is taken from the MIT Kerberos distribution and is covered by
the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1985-2005 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

  All rights reserved.

  Export of this software from the United States of America may require
  a specific license from the United States Government.  It is the
  responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export to
  obtain such a license before exporting.

  WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and
  distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and
  without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
  notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
  this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that
  the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
  to distribution of the software without specific, written prior
  permission.  Furthermore if you modify this software you must label
  your software as modified software and not distribute it in such a
  fashion that it might be confused with the original MIT software.
  M.I.T. makes no representations about the suitability of this software
  for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied
  warranty.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

  Individual source code files are copyright MIT, Cygnus Support,
  OpenVision, Oracle, Sun Soft, FundsXpress, and others.

  Project Athena, Athena, Athena MUSE, Discuss, Hesiod, Kerberos, Moira,
  and Zephyr are trademarks of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
  (MIT).  No commercial use of these trademarks may be made without
  prior written permission of MIT.

  "Commercial use" means use of a name in a product or other for-profit
  manner.  It does NOT prevent a commercial firm from referring to the
  MIT trademarks in order to convey information (although in doing so,
  recognition of their trademark status should be given).

The files pam-util/vector.c, pam-util/vector.h, portable/asprintf.c,
portable/dummy.c, portable/kadmin.h, portable/issetugid.c,
portable/krb5-extra.c, portable/krb5.h, portable/macros.h,
portable/mkstemp.c, portable/pam.h, portable/pam_syslog.c,
portable/pam_vsyslog.c, portable/stdbool.h, portable/strlcat.c,
portable/strlcpy.c, portable/strndup.c, portable/system.h,
tests/pam-util/vector-t.c, tests/portable/asprintf-t.c,
tests/portable/mkstemp-t.c, tests/portable/strlcat-t.c,
tests/portable/strlcpy-t.c, and tests/portable/strndup-t.c are covered by
the following statement:

  The authors hereby relinquish any claim to any copyright that they may
  have in this work, whether granted under contract or by operation of law
  or international treaty, and hereby commit to the public, at large, that
  they shall not, at any time in the future, seek to enforce any copyright
  in this work against any person or entity, or prevent any person or
  entity from copying, publishing, distributing or creating derivative
  works of this work.

In other words, you can do anything you wish with this code, although I
would strongly prefer that any improvements or modifications be sent to me
(rra@stanford.edu) so that I can continue to maintain a canonical version.

The files configure.ac, m4/kadm5clnt.m4, m4/krb5.m4, m4/krb5-config.m4,
m4/lib-depends.m4, m4/lib-helper.m4, m4/lib-pathname.m4, m4/pam-const.m4,
and m4/snprintf.m4 are released under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003 Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>
  Copyright 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011
      The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University

  This file is free software; the authors give unlimited permission to
  copy and/or distribute it, with or without modifications, as long as
  this notice is preserved.

The files portable/snprintf.c and tests/portable/snprintf-t.c are released
under the following license:

  This code is based on code written by Patrick Powell (papowell@astart.com)
  It may be used for any purpose as long as this notice remains intact
  on all source code distributions

The files Makefile.in and aclocal.m4 are generated by GNU Automake and
released under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,
  2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation,
  Inc.  This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives
  unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without
  modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without
  even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
  PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

The files m4/libtool.m4, m4/ltoptions.m4, m4/ltsugar.m4, m4/ltversion.m4,
and m4/lt~obsolete.m4 are from GNU Libtool and are released under the
following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,
  2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

  This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives unlimited
  permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without modifications,
  as long as this notice is preserved.

The file configure is generated by GNU Autoconf and is covered by the
following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
  2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software
  Foundation, Inc.  This configure script is free software; the Free
  Software Foundation gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and
  modify it.

The files build-aux/compile, build-aux/depcomp, and build-aux/missing are
taken from GNU Automake.  The files build-aux/config.guess and
build-aux/config.sub are taken from the Debian autotools-dev package.  All
of these files are released under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000,
  2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free
  Software Foundation, Inc.

  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
  Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any
  later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  General Public License for more details.

  As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you
  distribute this file as part of a program that contains a configuration
  script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under the same
  distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.

For the pam-krb5 distribution, the option described in the last paragraph
has been accepted and these files are distributed under the same terms as
the pam-krb5 package as a whole, as described at the top of this file.

The file build-aux/ltmain.sh is taken from GNU Libtool and is released
under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,
  2006, 2007 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

  GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
  (at your option) any later version.

  As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,
  if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that
  is built using GNU Libtool, you may include this file under the
  same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.

  GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  General Public License for more details.

For the pam-krb5 distribution, the option described in the second-to-last
paragraph has been accepted and this file is distributed under the same
terms as the pam-krb5 package as a whole, as described at the top of this
file.

The file build-aux/install-sh is covered by the following copyright and
license:

  Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
  copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
  in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
  OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
  OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
  ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
  OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
  not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
  other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
  from the X Consortium.

  FSF changes to this file are in the public domain.

The files tests/README and tests/fakepam/README are released under the
following copyright and license:

  Copyright 2010, 2011 Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>

  Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification, are
  permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright notice
  and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is, without any
  warranty.
